# Setting Mesh Network with Particle Device
In this entry I will be using a Boron and a Xenon. However, the instruction will work for all Gen3 Particle devices. It is important to note that the mesh network is no longer supported by Particle.io. You will have to downgrade your firmware in order to use mesh network.

1. Install the Particle Cli <a href="https://docs.particle.io/tutorials/developer-tools/cli/" target="_blank">here</a>.
2. Download the version 1.5.2 firmware for your particle devices <a href="https://github.com/particle-iot/device-os/releases/tag/v1.5.2" target="_blank">here</a>.
3. For our case we will be downloading the Boron and Xenon firmware. Download the 'particle_device-os@1.5.2+boron.binaries.zip' and 'particle_device-os@1.5.2+xenon.binaries.zip'
4. Extract the zip files.
5. Next we will flash the Boron and Xenon with the 1.5.2 firmware using the Particle CLI. Connect the device to your laptop with a data enabled usb wire.
    - First turn the Particle device to listening mode by pressing on the mode button on the device for 3 seconds. The device should be blinking dark blue. With Particle CLI installed type in the following the command to check the device.
        ```
        particle serial identify
        ```
    - Turn the device to DFU mode, turn on the device, hold both the mode and reset button, release the reset button while holding on to the mode button. The LED will turn purple and then to yellow. Once the LED is showing yellow, release the mode button. You are now in the DFU mode.
    - In DFU mode flash the device with the firmware with the following command. Specify the path that you have downloaded the firmware. Flash the firmware according to the particle device. In this case I am flashing to a Boron device.
        ```
        particle flash --usb C:\xxx\boron-system-part1@1.5.2.bin
        ```
    - reset the device and turn it into listening mode, use the identify command to check if the it has the 1.5.2 firmware installed.

6. Now with your Particle mobile app, follow the instruction to configure your mesh. 
